Product backlog
	Backlog item							Estimate (hrs)
	List Contents Recursively				  	2
	Capture List Contents Output to File		1
	Capture Print Directory Output to file	 	1
	Capture File Contents Output to file	  	1
	Capture Documentation Output to file		1
	Get File from URL							2
	Push Directory								3
	Pop Directory								3	
	Remove Path									3
	Other Redirection							1
	Bonus Regex	Path							4
	
	
	

User Stories
	Use File System
	-I am able to type in commands so I can easily navigate through
	the files and directories in my file system. I can also exit the file system
	once I'm done using it.
	
	Make Directories
	- As a user I can make new folders/directories, I can make folders within
	other folders as well, so I can easily modify my file system. 
	
	Change Directories
	- As a user I can change to a directory relative to my current directory 
	or any other directory in my file system, so I can easily navigate through
	directories. 
	
	List Contents 
	- As a user I can print the contents of the files and directories 
	that I specify by typing a path (for a file or directory). There should
	be a new line following each piece of content (file or directory). 
	If I do not specify a path, the contents of the current directory.
	~ Additionally, I may specify to capture the output and append it or
	overwrite it to an existing or not previously existing file instead of
	printing the output to the console.
	should be printed. So I may easily see the contents of my file system. 
	~ Additionally, I may specify to recursively list all subdirectories for a
	given path or the current directory.
	
	Print Current Directory
	- As a user I can easily print the path of my current working directory,
	so I know my current location in my file system.
	~ Additionally, I may specify to capture the output and append it or
	overwrite it to an existing or not previously existing file instead of
	printing the output to the console.
	
	Move Files and Directories
	- As a user I should easily be able to move a file or directory from one
	location to a new location (each location may or may not be relative to 
	the current directory location), such as moving a file from one directory
	to a different directory. Thus, I can make sure my files and directories
	are kept where I want them.
	
	Copy Files and Directories
	- As a user I can easily copy a file or a directory (and it's contents) into
	a different location. This is different from moving files/directories 
	because I don't want to remove the old file/directory. Thus, I can make 
	sure my files and directories are kept where I want them.
	
	Display File Contents
	- As a user I can easily display the contents of a specified file.
	~ Additionally, I may specify to capture the output and append it or
	overwrite it to an existing or not previously existing file instead of
	printing the output to the console.
	
	Make or Overwrite a File for a String
	- As a user I can specify a string to add to a new specified file. Or I can
	add the string to an existing specified file and overwrite contents of that
	file. Thus, a given file will have the contents I want it to have. If I do 
	not specify a file, the string should be printed in the console.
	
	Add String to a File
	- As a user I can specify a string to append to a specified new file or a
	specified existing file. The contents of the existing file are not 
	overwritten. Thus, a given file will have the contents I want it to have.
	If I do not specify a file, the string should be printed in the console.
	
	Print Documentation About Using Program
	- As a user I can easily print documentation and instructions for using
	the program to interact with the file system (i.e. what commands to 
	type into the program).
	~ Additionally, I may specify to capture the output and append it or
	overwrite it to an existing or not previously existing file instead of
	printing the output to the console.
	
	Get File From URL
	- As a user I can get a file from a specified URL and add it to the 
	current directory.
	
	Push Directory
	- As a user I can save the current working directory and then 
	change the working directory to a specified directory. I may return
	the saved directory at a later time.
	
	Pop Directory
	- As a user I can change directories to the most recently saved directory
	from the directory stack.
	
	Remove Path
	- As a user I can delete a specified file or directory and its contents,
	I may specify a path for said file or directory. I should be prompted 
	before each item is removed, unless I specify otherwise. 
	
	Other Redirection
	- As a user I may also apply redirection to a a command that does not have
	any output to capture. In this case, the outfile should not be created
	or edited, but an error should not be returned either. 
	
	Bonus: Regex Path
	- As a user I can specify a path to a file and print all lines from that
	file that contain the specified regex. I may also specify a path to a 
	directory, in which case, the directory should be recursively traversed
	and all files that contain lines with the specified regex, should be 
	displayed. The print display format should be, the path to the file, 
	including the file name, then a colon, then the lin containing the
	specified regex.