Product backlog
	Backlog item						Estimate (hrs)
	Use File System							  5
	Make Directories						  2
	Change Directories						  1
	List Contents							  2
	Print Current Directory					  1
	Move Files and Directories				  2
	Copy Files and Directories				  2
	Display File Contents					  1
	Make or Overwrite a File for a String	  3
	Add String to a File					  3
	Print Documentation About Using Program	  4

User Stories
	Use File System
	-I am able to type in commands so I can easily navigate through
	the files and directories in my file system. I can also exit the file system
	once I'm done using it.
	
	Make Directories
	- As a user I can make new folders/directories, I can make folders within
	other folders as well, so I can easily modify my file system. 
	
	Change Directories
	- As a user I can change to a directory relative to my current directory 
	or any other directory in my file system, so I can easily navigate through
	directories. 
	
	List Contents 
	- As a user I can print the contents of the files and directories 
	that I specify by typing a path (for a file or directory). There should
	be a new line following each piece of content (file or directory). 
	If I do not specify a path, the contents of the current directory
	should be printed. So I may easily see the contents of my file system.
	
	Print Current Directory
	- As a user I can easily print the path of my current working directory,
	so I know my current location in my file system.
	
	Move Files and Directories
	- As a user I should easily be able to move a file or directory from one
	location to a new location (each location may or may not be relative to 
	the current directory location), such as moving a file from one directory
	to a different directory. Thus, I can make sure my files and directories
	are kept where I want them.
	
	Copy Files and Directories
	- As a user I can easily copy a file or a directory (and it's contents) into
	a different location. This is different from moving files/directories 
	because I don't want to remove the old file/directory. Thus, I can make 
	sure my files and directories are kept where I want them.
	
	Display File Contents
	- As a user I can easily display the contents of a specified file.
	
	Make or Overwrite a File for a String
	- As a user I can specify a string to add to a new specified file. Or I can
	add the string to an existing specified file and overwrite contents of that
	file. Thus, a given file will have the contents I want it to have.
	
	Add String to a File
	- As a user I can specify a string to append to a specified new file or a
	specified existing file. The contents of the existing file are not 
	overwritten. Thus, a given file will have the contents I want it to have.
	
	Print Documentation About Using Program
	- As a user I can easily print documentation and instructions for using
	the program to interact with the file system (i.e. what commands to 
	type into the program).
